Happy Sabbath Church family.
I hope everyone enjoyed their holiday, giving thanks to God, even in a world that is constantly showing us it's the poverty.
And we are here together today because we have collectively made the decision that this earth is not our home.
And we are looking for the same city Abraham look for, a builder,
a city whose builder and maker is God.
I'm going to jump right in today because I know we have a lot going on.
I do want to remind all the parents especially that our homeschool chapel in your child does not have to be homeschool to come.
It's this Monday evening and we will have a special holiday Christmas time together.
We're going to talk about the birth of Jesus and his nature.
So we really want to encourage you to come on out this Monday evening.
We're gonna start at five for dinner.
And then 5.30, there's a special, can I say it?
Gift exchange, all right.
So, I don't know if I could say it all that.
Bring a gift to exchange, amen.
All right, so our scripture reading for this morning is taken from Revelation 16 and verse 14.
It says, for they are the spirits of devils, working miracles,
which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty.
Our message this Sabbath is entitled, Alien Invasion.
Alien Invasion, let's pray Father God, we thank you for this opportunity to study a word.
And I ask once again, Lord, that you just make me a nail on the wall hammered in by your Holy Spirit.
But on that nail, Lord, I ask that you hang a portrait of Jesus Christ.
Let me not be seen or heard today, Lord, we want to hear a word from you.
This is our prayer in Jesus' name.
Amen.
When the world, after the world was created, it was almost instantaneously, or at least very early on, the first two humans, Adam and Eve, fall into sin.
With that, a potent
poison entered this planet.
Sin, you see, is a nefarious entity.
It is the manifestation of rebellion against God.
And it is God as the source of all order in the universe whose laws protect that which is most important.
And when rebellion entered the world, the world quickly began to change.
One of the early stories in the scripture is the story of Cain and Abel.
And look at how quickly the world goes from someone picking a fruit from the wrong tree to a brother killing a brother.
When this happens, the world creates two dichotomous lines of humans.
Let's look at this.
If you go with me to Genesis chapter six, we're gonna start at verse one,
We're going to look a little bit at this as we think about the modern phenomenon that has actually been now on C-SPAN, CNN, Fox News, the modern phenomenon of what people are calling UAPs now.
They don't call them UFOs anymore.
They're unidentified.
I want to say aerial phenomena, but they said that's not even in any more.
It's anomalous phenomenon.
So we're going to come to that.
But let's start in the Old Testament here in the book of Genesis.
chapter 6 verse 1 says, and it came to pass when men began to multiply on the face of the earth and daughters were born unto them that the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair and they took them wives of all which they chose.
The Bible says something happens.
Men begin to multiply on the earth
and the sons of God saw the daughters of men.
Now, a lot of people try to add to this and make it say what it doesn't say.
We're gonna come to that in a second.
But in the story, there are two bloodlines that begin to mix, verse three.
And the Lord said, my spirit shall not always strive with man, for that he also is flesh, yet his days shall be in 120 years.
When rebellion began to completely take over this exploding population on earth, God himself says, listen, my spirit, the Holy Spirit will not always strive with man because man is flesh.
And at this point, man is choosing to live in the flesh.
So the scripture says,
His days shall be 120 years, and probation is placed on mankind at its outset.
For 120 years, there would be an opportunity to recover.
For 120 years.
Now let's look at verse four.
It says, there were giants in the earth in those days.
And also after that, when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men,
and they bear children to them, the same became mighty men which were of old men of renown.
So the Bible says, not only do these two groups of people come together, their offspring are giants that King James Version says.
And these weren't giants, the Bible says they were mighty men which were of old men of renown.
These were men who were men of folklore, men who they remembered.
But that word giant there in the Hebrew is actually the word nephilim.
And it comes from the Hebrew word, the Hebrew root word nephal, it means the false.
So some say it means that this is the race of those who fell, meaning those who stayed in sin.
And I believe that really is the point of the word nephilim, not to speak to their stature, as I would argue that before the flood, all of humanity was taller than we are today.
But it was that they fell, and some say, if you look at this bullet point here, that it means to fall upon.
So it speaks to the fact that not only were these men who fell into sin, they would fall on others to try and destroy them.
So if you keep reading in Genesis 6, it speaks to the fact that violence, let me say it again, violence is the hallmark sin of the end to the moving in world that caused God to say, enough is enough.
And we live in a violent world today.
I was appalled this week.
When I saw on the news that two national guardsmen from West Virginia were ambushed near the White House and shot.
I mean, we live in a world where violence and then there are those who would almost try to justify such violence.
That is a sign that you are close to the end.
There were men of violence, Martin Luther, the great reformer said.
And it also speaks to the giant in size after the flood.
But the real question for a lot of people is, what were these sons of gods?
So if you go to some churches, they will actually tell you that these sons of God were angels that came down and interbred with humans to make these giants.
Is that possible?
I'm going to show you why that's not possible biblically.
Maybe they were aliens.
In fact, a lot of people believe in aliens.
Well, I have found it interesting that there are people who do not believe in God, who believe in aliens.
We were on a train going from going from Corby, England this summer to London.
And we happened to be or going back to Corby, I think, from London.
And a man was going home from work from London.
And we happened to sit across from this older British gentleman.
And we started talking kind of religion with the guy.
And he was like, ah, no, no, no, no.
I don't believe in God.
I don't believe God created the world.
He said it was the aliens that did it.
Or were they humans?
There it is.
They could not be angels.
Here's why.
Angels do not marry and the Bible gives no evidence that they can reproduce.
Matthew 22.30 says, for in the residence, Rectionist is Jesus speaking,
They neither marry nor are given in marriage, but are as the angels of God in heaven.
The angels of God in heaven do not marry, and the purpose, one of the key purposes of marriage is reproduction.
It couldn't have been angels, these sons of God, that came to earth and reproduce what kind of angel would it be?
And in fact, if you look at verse three of chapter six of Genesis, it says that men suffered the punishment for what they did, not angels.
So it couldn't have been angels.
Maybe it was aliens.
As they say, not this interesting thing, I said I'm putting some slides on this.
There is a huge movement around aliens and seeing aliens and the belief in aliens.
I know a man who left his family and moved to Area 51, I think that's in New Mexico, and he pitched a tent, got an RV and is sitting out in the desert so that he can see the aliens.
This alien phenomenon is a big deal.
And when I was a kid, it was science fiction, as I'll show you.
But things have changed.
The first question we have to ask is Christians.
Is there a possibility that there is life on other planets?
Now, I was going to show you the math.
The math is overwhelming.
When you look at the universe, how many stones are like our sons?
And when they've looked through the telescopes, how many planets it adds up to
tens of thousands of potential planets across the universe that would be fit to carry life.
Now, there are a couple of thoughts in science.
One of them is that clearly, many of those planets have to have life because evolution would have taken over.
But there's some evolutionists who are honest enough to say, evolution is such a fluke that it couldn't have actually happened anywhere but Earth.
I want you to think about that for a second.
Evolution is such a fluke.
So if it's such a fluke, how did it happen here?
part of the reason for this alien phenomena is that it is one way for Satan to convince people not to believe God as creator and find another place to put it.
Now, of course, nobody answers that who created the aliens.
But here we go.
Hebrews chapter 1 and verse 1 says this, God who had sundry times and in diverse manners, spake in times past under the fathers by the prophets.
hath in the last days spoken unto us by his son, whom he hath appointed ear of all things, by whom also he did what?
He made the what?
The worlds.
All right, so we know from John chapter one that nothing was created that is created, that was not created by Christ.
Hebrews one tells us, in fact, Jesus didn't just create this world singular, he created worlds plural.
there are other worlds.
And I believe that they are inhabited.
In fact, I believe that they have been protected from this block of sin because when Satan came to them, they passed the test.
And the reason I believe that is because when you go to Job chapter one, just using Bible now, Job chapter one and verse six says this, now there was a day when the sons of God, there's that term again, came to present themselves before the Lord and Satan came also among them.
And the Lord said unto Satan, whence comest thou?
Then Satan answered the Lord and said, from going to and fro in the earth and from walking up and down in it.
And these verses give you some clues and give you some hints.
One, Satanist stuck walking around where?
On this planet.
When God asked Satan where have you been, he's walking up and down on this planet.
He doesn't say I visited all of those other planets.
Why?
Because those other planets still had sons of God.
In other words, their lineage had not been corrupted by sin.
And I'm gonna show you that here in a second, right?
But there was a time when all the representatives of these planets come before God and Satan represents earth.
Why does Satan have the ability to represent this planet?
Because he got Adam and Eve to violate God's law
and joined by default, his rebellion.
So he goes up and he represents earth.
But how was it supposed to be?
Who was supposed to be the sons of God on earth?
Here it is, Luke 3, I'm only gonna read these couple verses.
The whole lineage is actually interesting, but here it is, Luke 3, 37, which was the son of Methuselah, which was the son of Enoch, which was the son of Jared, which was the son of Malayal, which was the son of Canaan, which was the son of Enos,
which was the son of Seth, which was the son of Adam, which was the son of God.
So the sons of God here are clearly human or created.
And on earth, the one who was supposed to be the representative, the son of God on earth, was supposed to be Adam.
Right?
And so you can see that here.
So the sons of God are never listed as evil in the scripture, certainly never mentioned as fallen angels.
Luke 338 gives us this lineage, and you can see, and this is important, it starts with Jesus, if you start on the top of Luke chapter three, and it goes all the way back to Adam through Seth, but who is kept out?
Cain.
So Cain was born before Seth, why is he then not called a son of God?
Why does Cain lose that title?
Well, because of his sin, right?
Here it is.
In Genesis 4, Seth is listed as if he is the only firstborn son of Adam.
Cain is excluded even though Cain was born first.
This is an important point as we go on to discover who the daughters of men are.
So, Genesis 5 and verse 3 says, and Adam lived 130 years and we got a son in his own likeness and after his image and called his name Seth.
So Seth is said to be born in the image and likeness of Adam, and Cain is not.
Interesting.
This genetic resemblance of Seth but not Cain, Cain had been marked by this time, seems to imply that he looked different and was different.
Now, I don't think the look part is important.
I think what's important is that it was the character of Adam that Seth had that Cain forfeited.
I want you to get this.
It is by becoming like Christ in character that we begin to become children of God.
The Bible says it like this, behold what manner of love the Father has bestowed upon us that we should be called the children of God.
I want to submit to you today that you by adoption can jump from one lineage into the lineage where you belong to the family of God.
Your past does not determine how you are defined in terms of your connection and relation with God the Father.
What matters is the decisions you make now for or against the God of heaven.
Romans 8, 14 describes who is the son of God, for as many as are led by the Spirit of God.
They are the what?
The sons of God.
This is why the Holy Spirit is so important.
The third part of the Godhead.
The Holy Spirit is the one that leads.
It's the Holy Spirit that seals the mind so that we are like Christ.
It is the work of the Holy Spirit in the last days that does this.
And that's how we become the sons of God.
Somebody ought to say amen.
Too many churches now, they are using the Holy Spirit.
This Neopentacostalism has moved into the church and not just of the other denominations, but even into ours, where people go to church and they wanna manipulate the Holy Spirit into how they feel and wanna perform acts to show you they got the Holy Spirit.
But you don't have the Holy Spirit so that you can manipulate it.
You have the Holy Spirit so it controls you.
So that you are changed.
So that you become a child of God.
John 1 12, but as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on what?
On his name, what does name represent in the Bible?
Character.
It is his character that we must believe on.
It is the character of God that is on trial in the universe.
This is why Marvel, I read an article when I talk about Hollywood, Marvel, there's article, this is all of the big bad
of villains in Marvel are different manifestations of the biblical Jehovah, and they're trying to present these villains so that people will see God's character the wrong way.
In the book of Job, the sons of God do not include Satan.
He is representing the earth.
Job says in Job 38.7 that the sons of God shouted for joy, meaning that they praise God.
The sons of God
Praise God, somebody ought to say amen.
And praising God is not what you do outwardly first.
It is what is happening on the inside to be more like Christ.
The daughters of men, 1 John 3, 12 says, not as Cain, who was of that wicked one, and slew his brother, and therefore slew he him, because his own works were evil and his brother's righteous.
And so what is the Bible teaching us here?
Seth was a son of God.
Cain became a child of the devil.
So hence, Cain is skipped and Seth is described in that lineage in Luke chapter three.
Now let me, let me just, let me just say this.
I don't want to be skipped when the lineage is read out in the book of life in heaven.
I don't want my name not there because I chose to join the rebellion against the, the, the empire that is and the kingdom that is God's.
And I want to tell you that you have to make that decision not simply once in your life, but you've got to make that decision every single day, every single hour, every single moment.
And if you have a really bad job, you might have to make that decision every second because you want to choose to be on God's side.
John 844 says, you are your father, the devil.
and the lusts of your father you will do.
He was a murderer from the beginning and a boat not in the truth because there's no truth in him.
When he speaks a lie, he speaks of his own, for he is a liar and the father of it.
Jesus talking to the religious leaders of his day said, you are of your father the devil.
Watch this.
Spiritually, you get to pick your father.
By the choices you make, you choose if my father left me when I was two years old.
And he ran off.
And one of the best things my mother taught me growing up, whenever we would worry, we'd go play football and I'd make a touchdown or something, play a pop Warner and come back and I'd be like, mom, all the other boys, dads are there.
My mother would look at me and say, God is your father.
Amen.
And that resonated with me.
Let me tell you something you get to choose who your father is.
If you choose rebellion against God, you choose the devil as your father.
And here's the lineage and just to show you what here it is.
This is Adam, Abel, there's Cain over here and his lineage down to Lemick.
But here's Seth, of course Cain killed Abel off.
Seth comes down and you get Enoch and you get Noah.
And it's that through this, you come down and you get this lineage.
There's more to the lineage, but that just gives you an idea that these two.
So these are the sons of God, right?
They're male offspring and these,
Women that come from this lineage are the daughters of men.
Here's the thing, the two were never to mix.
And the spirit of prophecy actually tells us that this is why young people, those of you young people that are not married yet, you've got to be careful that you do not choose to marry of the lineage of Cain.
Somebody got that, somebody didn't get that, that's all right.
Let me explain it again.
In other words, you've got to make sure you're not unequally yoked.
You've got to make sure that when you make the decision, you don't make the mistake these antiniluvians made, the descendants of Seth in Genesis 6 get into trouble as they see the daughters of men, the daughters of the lineage of Cain, how they look, how they dress, how they carry themselves, and they are infatuated with them.
The Spirit of Prophecy says, it is a decision of lust that they go after these women, and this corrupts their bloodline, and it is why the world gets into such
a terrible position in the end.
But in the Bible, a woman also represents a church.
We have to make sure that we do not begin to mix ourselves up with the false doctrines of the daughters of Babylon.
You've got to study the Bible and know what it teaches.
Because church, this alien invasion is real.
The alien invasion then is the alien invasion now.
Satan came into this world to destroy the children of God.
Daily invasion that they're trying to tell you about isn't the one you need to worry about.
I'm gonna show you that in a second.
But you do have to understand as Revelation 12, 12 tells us, therefore rejoice, he heavens, and ye that dwell in them, woe to the inhabitants of the earth and of the sea, for the devil has come down unto you, having great wrath.
Why is the devil so mad?
Because he knows he has.
but a short time.
Here's the interesting thing.
The devil has been around for millennia church.
The devil has been around for a long, long time, greater than 6,000 years.
And he is worried about how little time he has.
And some of us with all of our genes firing right following the health message won't live to see 125 years old.
And we think we've got all the time in the world.
You don't.
The devil knows that time is short and hence why he is about to unleash on this world grand deception.
So let me show you, because the question then becomes what about all of this alien phenomenon?
So we know if we go back to Genesis 6, those weren't angels or aliens, those were just the people of God, the men of God, going after women that they weren't supposed to go after because they were not consecrated.
Today, though, something has changed.
And it started many years ago.
If you go all the way back, I think H.G.
Wells wrote The War of the Worlds back in the 1930s.
One of the funniest stories in history class, when I was in American history class, is they tell you the story of how they played this on the radio back in the, wherever it was the 30s or 40s, but it was a long time ago.
And it was so realistic to the people listening that people thought the world was actually being invaded by Martians.
People began to panic, run out into the streets, scream, and that was just a radio.
As we got older, as time went on, they got more sophisticated.
They came up with movies like E.T., E.T.
stands for Extraterrestrial.
And what was it about, this movie is a play on Jesus, right?
This creature from outer space comes down, he's able to heal, he doesn't walk on water, but he can make bicycles fly, he can heal people,
And then he has to phone home and go back home.
The whole story is like a parody of the life of Christ, but it began to make you think.
So we still were thinking, oh, this is just science fiction.
And of course they came up with movies later on like Independence Day, where these hostile aliens come to try and take over the planet.
And again, just look at it.
And you say, I'm going to stupid science fiction, except Satan uses Hollywood to prepare us
for deception.
What was once science fiction is now seemingly being purported as reality.
Now, I remember an artificial intelligence with science fiction.
Do you all remember that?
I mean, they may movie like Terminator and Matrix and you thought, all right, the robots can't really take over the world.
Let me let you in on a secret church.
The robots can take over the world now.
Artificial intelligence has advanced so much
that the inventors of artificial intelligence now say it is an existential threat to mankind.
Some argue it is a greater threat than nuclear weapons.
So now the devil is trying to say this science fiction is real as well.
This is what Revelation 13 verse 14 says, and he deceives them that dwell on the earth.
How does the devil deceive those that dwell on the earth?
by the means of those miracles, which he had power to do in the side of the beast.
And this is, of course, the second beast of Revelation 13, really, saying to them that dwell on the earth that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by a sword and did live.
And in fact, as we've talked about before, Revelation 13, the second beast, represents the United States of America.
So something about the US will allow her to deceive based on supernatural phenomena.
something about something in this country, and I'm gonna show you that they've set this up.
Now, I don't know that this is how it fully manifests, but I am sure to tell you that if you don't know your Bible, and E.T.
shows up in Times Square, and he begins to talk and speak, a whole lot of folk are going to trust what they see and not what is written in scripture.
So, this is Bill Maher.
added atheists, he did the documentary, religious, some of you may remember that, religious, and he basically said if you believe in religion, it's ridiculous.
Here's the irony, he's a staunch atheist, hates Christians, believes in Jesus enough to quote him when he's trying to argue against the Republicans, but doesn't believe in Jesus otherwise than that.
But here it is, he believes in aliens.
In fact, he had on his show just a few weeks ago,
The guy who made this documentary, which I think is on somewhere streaming now, the age of disclosure.
And this documentary is literally made with them showing you reputable people telling you that the government of the United States, the second beast of Revelation 13, has evidence proof of alien encounters, spaceships, even alien bodies.
When you look at like skeptic, there's a website skeptic, they say all these people say that they've seen all this stuff, why haven't we seen it?
Good question, right?
Well, someone reputable, Marco Rubio, I consider Marco Rubio a rep, he may not, he like his politics, don't like his politics, seems like a kind of guy, he's on the documentary.
And he basically says yes, we have evidence of extraterrestrial life in the United States.
He's even the one who says,
The presidents are only on a need to know basis.
Isn't that interesting?
So he says the evidence, and they show you pictures like this, these fuzzy pictures.
And one guy, one skeptic says, why is it that all of the UFO pictures are so fuzzy?
Like, can anybody take a clear shot, right?
So they say this is a UFO.
They show you this one.
This one is really what is an unidentified anomalous phenomenon was filmed from the Omaha off the coast of San Diego in July of 2019.
And if some of you may remember, they had hearings on C-SPAN, went around the world.
In fact, America not only has these things, not only seen these things, that these things exist, and America could produce the evidence for them.
When the Bible said, miracles, supernatural phenomena.
I want to submit to you that this is how they define these six observables of the aliens.
This is what the aliens can do.
Number one,
They can travel at hypersonic velocity.
They say that these ships travel at over 40,000 miles an hour.
Now, that is quick.
That would really shorten your commute to work, wouldn't that?
40,000 miles an hour.
Instantaneous acceleration, which would kill pilots and even drones would be did a centigrade.
That's what they said they've seen.
Low visibility, right?
No contrails, no sonic boom, no thrust, no exhaust.
Trans medium travel, they can go from space to the air
Underwater, they say they travel so fast underwater as if the water has no friction.
That's what these people are saying they're seeing.
Anti-gravity, without any obvious means, no wings, no rocket jet, they're flying and zooming around.
Biological effect, energy weapons, getting too close to UAPs, burn inflammation, or some people say that all of these things have happened.
Now, I want to submit to you.
Now, my Bible describes how this phenomena could happen on Earth.
It says in Revelation chapter 12 that when the devil was cast out of heaven, his tale did what?
It drew one third of the angels with him.
One third of them came to earth.
There was an alien invasion when sin entered this world.
All of those fallen demons came and landed on this planet and they are supernatural.
They can do things.
They can possess people.
They can do supernatural acts.
I came to tell you today, you are going to see people begin to talk about the tangible proof of aliens because the devil knows he has a short time and is about to release grand deception on his world and watch this.
We've all been set up for the deception because we watch the movies.
Every single one of us has been programmed to some extent
To believe in this, if you've watched these movies over the last, you know, 50, 60 years.
So, what are they saying?
Well, this is the AP, this is a reputable site.
whistleblower tells Congress that the United States is concealing multi-decade program that capture UFOs.
Some say when the bombs were dropped on Japan during World War II, to end World War II, that these alien people, the alien saw this, and that's why they're showing up so much now because they know the humans have evolved their technology
And so now they're worried about what we'll do.
If they could travel at 40,000 miles an hour, I'm not sure why they'd be worried about what we do.
But that's what they're saying.
They also say, this was interesting, that countries like China, Russia, the US are in a race to take these captured spaceships, reverse engineer them, so that we will have all of that technology.
The stuff they're saying, oh, man, this is the National Archives, UFOs and UAPs, Insider,
the ex-intel officer who testified the United States has proof of aliens, previously made the wild claim, look at this claim, that the Vatican was part of a UFO cover-up.
I said, what UFO cover-up was that?
That during the time of Mussolini, back in the 1930s, around the same time that the War of the Worlds would have come out, Mussolini's in Italy found this spaceship
The Pope made Mussolini give it to him.
It was Pope Pius the seventh, or maybe Pope Pius the 10th.
He made, which one?
Pope Pius the sixth, right?
He made them give this UFO to the Vatican where they hid it, and then he called the president of the United States, and the US came and took it.
Interesting, I mean, I don't know where you get it from, but watch this.
Angels are alien.
Some researchers say Vatican archives hold UFO secrets.
One of the reasons people are very excited about the current American Pope is because they believe he is going to release all of these archives and prove all of this stuff is true because it's all in the Vatican archives.
I want you to think about that for a second.
America, the Jesuit review, UFOs are back in the news.
And Catholics are ready to deal with any theological questions on alien life.
Says here, this is Jesuit brother guy, console, Magno said.
When asked if he would be willing to baptize an alien, this Jesuit said only if she asked.
There's a couple problems with that.
I wonder how do you know it's a she.
Number two, how do you know she needs to be baptized?
And here's the point, church.
If this, I don't even think this one was a joke.
I think maybe the next one is.
If you're saying that, you're admitting that whatever is coming is fallen.
You're saying that fallen things are coming, right?
Catholic intellectual tradition stands ready to help humanity interpret and process the fact that we are not alone in the universe.
So here's the Catholic, another Catholic blog, do aliens exist?
Here's what Pope Francis and Vatican astronomers have to say.
It says,
From the previous article here, it says, from the Pope Francis Church with baptized aliens.
However, Pope Francis assured one thing about aliens.
If they came to earth and asked to be baptized, he would have no qualms about doing so.
This is the quote from the previous pope.
If tomorrow an expedition of Martians came to us here and here, and one said, I want to be baptized, what would happen?
Martians, right?
Green with long noses and big ears, like the children's drawings.
Here's what he says, when the Lord shows us the way, who are we to say, no, Lord, it is not prudent.
No, let us do it, let's do it this way.
Who are we to close the doors?
Close the doors on baptizing aliens.
Church, there's some really strange things going on.
This is what the Bible says, Revelation 16, 13.
It says, and I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon.
Not an amount of the beast and not an amount of the false prophet.
For they are the spirits of devils working miracles which go forth unto the kings of the earth and the whole world to gather them to the battle of the great day of God almighty.
When John Rebula writes this and says, listen, this is the conditions.
This is the deception that's going to happen.
Look at what verse 15 is.
It says, behold, I do what?
I come as a thief.
Blessed is he that watch it and keep with his garments, lest he walk naked and they see his shame.
Satan is going to try to distract with all of this.
And what Jesus says here is that, look, I'm coming as a thief.
Your focus has to be on Christ.
Your studies must be in the Word of God because Jesus is about to come.
Great controversy.
fearful sights of a supernatural character will soon be revealed in the heavens.
In token of the power of miracle working demons, the spirits of devils will go forth to the kings of the earth and to the whole world to fasten them in deception and urge them on to unite with Satan in his last struggle against the government of heaven.
By these agencies, rulers and subjects will be alike deceived.
Persons will arise pretending to be Christ himself
and claiming the title and worship which belong to the world's redeemer.
They will perform wonderful miracles of healing and will profess to have relations from heaven, revelations from heaven, contradicting the testimony of the scriptures.
The Bible says it like this, 2 Corinthians 11 and verse 13, for such are false apostles, deceitful workers,
transforming themselves into the apostles of Christ.
Then Paul says this, and no marvel for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light.
This is why Paul also says that we walk by faith and not by sight.
You are going to have to learn to not trust your five senses.
You're gonna have to learn to walk by faith.
You're gonna have to study the Word of God and be led by the Holy Spirit so that you have the same outcome Enoch had.
Now let's look at Enoch.
Genesis 6, 5, and God saw the wickedness of man was great in the earth and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually.
That describes the world today.
In fact, Jesus says as it was in the days of Noah,
So shall it also be in the times of the end.
Verse six, and it repented.
Here's where it gets painful.
And it repented the Lord that he had made man on the earth and it grieved him at his heart.
Why?
While the devil is trying to have this alien invasion, while he's trying to deceive the people of God, while he is working and so many fall into deception.
Church, it hurts God.
Did you know the only way the devil can actually get back in God now?
It's for one of us to be lost.
It is when we make a decision to go against God that we grieve Him just like they did before the flood, we grieve Him now.
But let me tell you some church there's hope.
Genesis 6, 8 says, but Noah found what?
He found grace in the eyes of the Lord.
These last days I want
to find grace in the eyes of the Lord.
No, it was special.
But I want to close out by talking about somebody else who was super special.
Genesis 6 gives the lineage from the other side of Luke chapter 3.
It says, and Jared lived 162 years and he begat Enoch.
And Jared lived after he begat Enoch 800 years and begat sons and daughters.
Chapter 6 verse 20 says,
And all the days of Jared were 960 in two years and he died.
And Enoch lived 60 in five years and begat Methuselah.
Enoch was actually a very young father if you look at the lineage at 65.
But here's what I want you to get.
The Bible says, while the world was in this condition where it was being fully corrupted and darkened so much that the entire universe recoiled from earth.
Verse 22 says, and Enoch
walked with God after he begat Methuselah, 300 years, and begat sons and daughters.
And all the days of Enoch were 365 years.
And Enoch watched this.
He walked with God and he was not.
Why was Enoch not?
For God took him.
Listen, there is an invasion, just like there was in Enoch's day.
The world has become sick and messed up.
I came to tell you the good news today.
that if you walk with God, he's going to take you home.
Ellen White says it like this.
Review on April 2nd, 1891.
Enoch walked with God for 300 years and we can walk with God from day to day.
He had in his heart the living principles of the law of God and the Holy Spirit rested upon him.
He looked forward to the coming of Christ and prophesied of the appearing of our Lord that is now so near at hand.
Enoch separating himself from the world and spending much of his time in prayer and in communion with God represents God's loyal people in the last days who will be separate from the world.
Unrighteousness will prevail to a dreadful extent upon the earth.
Men will give themselves up to follow every imagination of their corrupt hearts and carry out their deceptive philosophy and rebel against the authority of high heaven.
God's people will separate themselves from the unrighteous practices of those around them and will seek for purity of thought and holy conformity to his will until his divine image will be reflected in them.
Like Enoch, they will be fitting for translation to heaven.
While they endeavor to instruct and warn the world, they will not conform to the spirit and customs of unbelievers, but will condemn them by their holy conversation and godly example.
enix translation to heaven.
Just before the destruction of the world by a flood represents the translation of all the living righteous from the earth, previous to its destruction by fire.
The saints will be glorified in the presence of those who have hated them for their loyal obedience to God's righteous commandments.
Yes, Church, there's been an invasion.
The enemy is
and he is about to, as far as I'm concerned, this alien thing is just the beginning.
As time gets shorter, the devil is gonna get more open.
Let me tell you something, you know, it used to be maybe heavy metal groups look like they openly worship Satan.
Now it is open all over the place.
The devil is pulling back all the curtains.
He's allowing an evil to run rampant in the world.
But I came to tell you today, it does not matter how he invades,
What matters is whether or not you're walking with God.
The decisions you make daily as to whether or not you're going to be connected to the God of heaven, or are you going to be transformed to be like this world?
And I made up my mind a long time ago, there's nothing in this world worth transforming to.
Nothing in this world worth fighting for like that.
All that matters for me
is that I get to see what Abraham wanted to see.
And that is a city whose builder and maker is God.
One day a great ship like Sting will come out of the sky.
The new Jerusalem.
It is gonna come down and it is going, can you imagine at the time of the second resurrection?
And if you're not in the ship, you're in trouble.
A story told at my alma mater, Oakland University.
My cousin Nicole was in school, I believe she was at the school at the time,
And they were having Wednesday night prayer meeting and a guy was in his room getting high on weed.
And while prayer meeting's going on, this guy starts to have delusions or visions.
I'm not sure what he was having, that weed was getting to him.
And he said he was in his room and he couldn't look up in this vision slash delusion.
I'm not sure what to call it under the influence of weed.
And he could see the new Jerusalem coming down and he,
was on earth looking up at it.
Now, being raised at Venice, he realized in that moment, if that is the case, he's in trouble, it's he's lost, and he's about to be destroyed.
In his intoxicated stupor, he comes out of Edwards Hall, runs down the street towards the church, busts in the back door of the church, while prayer meetings going on, man is in a pulpit talking,
runs all the way down the front, throws himself down in front of the, of the, of the, of the, of the restroom, and says, I want to be saved.
I don't want to be lost.
The New Jerusalem is coming down.
Yep.
That was weed.
But there's some truth in what he said.
It's just a matter of time before the greatest space container, space ship,
of all times makes its way through the heavens.
And guess what?
I want to be in that city.
I want to be in that ship.
I do not want to be looking up at it as the flames begin around me.
I want to be with Christ in safety for eternity.
Genesis 624 says an Enoch walked with God and he was not.
For God took him.
As this song is sung, my wife and my daughter are going to sing.
As this song is sung, let me tell you something.
If what you want is to be in that ship, that space travel, I want you to just stand with me.
And especially today as we're going to have a baptism.
Everyone, even if you've already been baptized, you made the decision.
Today again, make the decision.
that you're going to stand with God.
And if you've not been baptized while they're singing, you want to join the church?
You want to be baptized?
I just want you to join me down front.
And we'll pray together.
This media was brought to you by Audioverse, a website dedicated to spreading God's word through free sermon audio and much more.
If you would like to know more about Audioverse, or if you would like to listen to more sermons, please visit www.
dot audioverse dot org.